so I was packing some things and I got
bored of packing so I decided to go my
laptop and I wouldn't intend to life and
I found that there but just over an hour
ago uh Nintendo life report on a new
poker tournament trailer as well as two
character wheels which you can see there
and there's a confirmation release date
or you can see the title to this is
confirmation release date for arcades
July sixteenth so that's going to be
exciting there's gonna be a bunch of
more there's gonna be a ton more
characters when hits arcades so I can
report on that as well but uh let's go
ahead and look this trail there's a
there's an actual trailer and then to
Carrick trailers for Charizard we bail
so let's go ahead and look at them okay
is that like some kind of spirit bomb no
it's
okay I was right it's like an arena it's
like an arena I gots it but I guess our
band I that's our character he looks
like a headache agent it's like he's
also cool eyes animated okay I think all
the characters were like that all right
here these character moans so Chris oh
that's right that's electric uppercut
okay that's bone rush your boat club
that's a good lecture ball hey let's do
this more animated characters that looks
are just two states from val revolution
a secret in March have your sequins like
one of my favorite but I love seafood to
pick my time stats I love my attempt to
for like speaker just like so majestic
CT that he's so majestic yo yeah that's
gonna be my chance final smack file / I
know what it is so much up with Super
Saiyan God what's you a Super Saiyan God
okay turn okay that's probably bulk of
uh that's my dad they're probably like
bulk up or something but my dad's maybe
that's probably the but i think its bulk
up but like it made it look like super
saiyan god I on to the next to the next
trailer I believe this a Charizard yeah
asked should I see the fire oh this
musics intense feels Japanese look at
that show I desired oh man cars i love
you so much let's how are done
rook your looks it I think Charles us
moves more aerial based in like firebase
or maybe alive okay okay that hit that
fired that stuff geez I think that's
dragon brush that's fire punch sky and
on a couch guy I don't know that I think
it's player bliss mega turns head exo-k
same as smash bros she hear that yeah
choice ya hear this music your choice
has insane that was crazy well in the
music hall my everything oh well so that
was a wonderful try out like that trail
it was a good trailer I don't know it
like char said I wasn't I didn't well
I'm not too high for I I wasn't too
hyper like when I found out that he was
in the game I was a too high for him cuz
I he's in smash bros right but not for
seeing this trailer at like I'm super
high for tired I really i'm gonna play
Charles I don't my god doesn't something
fun I I now unto vile and Sweetie Pie's
I am expecting we vow to be like you
know hit quick and hard at the same time
we're just real quick I ask quick all
right it was like so smug as sounds
quick as I'm respecting though oh no
this is like ice punch all right that's
somewhere that's how crooked i was me I
school crash hey what's up with all of
these attacks like stopping the opponent
hey is that we bought a sponsor I just
nice flash yeah final smash all right I
was more hyper evolved in charge side
but not now I'm more hyper charizard
charizard sweetness i would say i'ma
most hype for that and i can't wait to
play this game gonna be so much fun hope
hopefully comes out to wii u soon like
maybe beginning of 2016 our end of 2050
on things coming out in the 2015
probably uh early 2016 or mid-2016
anymore we're gonna see a lot more
characters whence it hits arcades in
July sixteenth so I'll inform you guys
on that thanks for watching guys if you
enjoyed please hear a punch the like
button for me comment and subscribe now
catch you guys later back